30/07/25

29/07/25
I'm still struggling with my Error implementation. Whenever I try to think of a use case, the error abstraction does not suffices my needs.

A simple error class with a string code and a string message works well, but does not handle cases where multiple errors must be returned,  so I need to think of it in a new
direction. Maybe I'm over engineering this solution again. I have to sit down and think of the end product, and start to do some compromises in scalability vs operability.

After thinking for a while I decided to use the same approach as hangfire
1. There will be a API module where the process will bootstrap itself, adding routes, configuring services and other.
2. There will be a APP module where the api will serve a static page for browsing the api.



28/07/25
I have landed on something I'm more comfortable working with, using Dapper and Postgres. Now I just have to get the workflow as I want, but for that I have to create some kind of 
abstraction around using files. I have a FileProvider that I want to work on, something that will be capable of giving me a stream of data that I can work with.  I'll mostly use files
from my own disk, but in case I want to move it to use some other storage engine, I just have to create another type of this instance. I'm still not sure on how will I handle the file
input, I think that will be another session of code-thinking. For now I'll probably just have the FileProvider handle this for me:
FileProvider
- Provide access to local non tracked movies
- Provide CRUD operations for HLS videos

TODO:
Rethink the Result Pattern for error propagation. Maybe static typed errors are not so good after all? Converging error codes is tricky, and making sure _just enough log_ is present is 
also a challenge.

I still have to create some kind of mechanism where I can clean up the files that got generated, in case of any errors. 

25/07/25
Transactions boundaries are harder to code then what I expected, but that is alright. I think I got a good minimal, and working, implementation
of unit of work pattern, an abstraction layer above the Dapper lib that I'll use as DAL.

My intended architecture is as follow:
1. The Services will define transactions boundaries, where it can specify what operation must be atomic, and what can be ignored.
2. Repositories will encapsulate data access and queries, where they will request for transactions boundaries context from services and execute on those.
3. Dapper will wrap my database calls and provide easier to write object mappings.

[X] Get some movie metadata on the database

24/07/25
I keep on struggling on what kind of pattern do I want to use on the data layer. Entity Framework is a solid choice, but I wanted to be more data oriented.
Dapper sounds like the perfect choice here, but I'm not sure on how exactly I want to code my abstraction layer.

[X] Define a data access layer architecture
--- Moved to 25/07/25 [] Get some movie metadata on the database

23/07/25

[X] Work on the video metadata database
[X] Setup initial tables on postgres